System plan.md, before:

# 1. Overview 

## 1.1 About this document


## 1.2 Project Overview:

The development team uses multiple technologies and software that are described in this document. Furthermore, the Business Requirements, the development phases and goals of this project will be documented here.

The following resources and documents will be used during the development:

- The Functional Requirements of the project

- The features requested by the clients

- The database structure and plan

- The laws and industry standards that this project is subjected

- Regulations

- Terms and conditions

- Cookies

- Logging

- Privacy policies like: advertising policies and third party privacy policies

- CCPA and GDPR data protection rights



# 2. Project plan
## 2.1 Roles and responsibilities
### Backend developer:
Backend developers are responsible for developing the server-side code, they create the website's functions, and the data structures. They mainly use PHP codes.

### Frontend developer:
Frontend developers implement the visual elements that users see and interact with in the website. They make sure that users have no trouble navigating the website. They use HTML, CSS, JavaScript codes.

### Database developer:
Database developers are responsible for the storage and management of the data we use in this website. 

## 2.2 Team members

* Ahmed Mahfouz - Frontend developer, Team leader;
* Oleg Dragoi - Database developer, Backend developer
* Yslamguly Pirgulyyev - Junior developer
* Csanádi Balázs Tóbiás - Senior Developer
* Fügedi Csaba - Senior Developer
* Meghwar Om Parkash - Senior Developer
* Kungl Rebeka - Senior Developer
* Ádám Ligárt - Senior Developer

## 2.3 Project schedule


## 2.4 Milestones


## 2.5 Technologies

### Web framework – Bootstap
Bootstap will be used to make the dynamic layout of the webshop, so it works smoothly on all resolutions in the browsers.

### Web server – Apache
An Apache web server will be used to store the database information, in which we will store the database writen in MySQL structure.

### Programming language – PHP
We are going to write our code in PHP, since it is the most used programming language for building websites.

### Communication – Discord, GitHub, Trello
- Discord is a communication software made for voice chat. Since Discord is free we are gonna use this software, because it is not sure that all of us will be in the same room when our company develops the webshop the client asked for. With this we will be able to communicate in real time with our coding partners, and since it has a normal chat function that follows the written messages, it will be easy to trace back with the problems that are brought up during development.

- GitHub is a free repository where the project will be stored during development. With this we can share and retrivel the versions of our work, and if something is not working we can reroll the changes so we don't have to start from the beginning.

- Trello is a free web-based Kanban-style list-making application. We can create our task boards with several columns and move the tasks between them. Typically columns include task statuses: To Do, In Progress and Done.

### Data structure store – MySQL
The database structure will be written in MySQL structure.

Recommended version: Latest Stable

# 3. Business model


# 4. Requirements

## 4.1 Functional Requirements


## 4.2 Non-funtional Requirements


## 4.3 Resources


# 5. Functions

## 5.1 Participants

## 5.2 Use cases and scenarios


# 6. Physical environments

**Software and external systems we're working with:**


**Hardware and Network:**

**Development tools:**

**Technologies:**

# 7. Architecture plan
## 7.1 Backend

## 7.2 Frontend

# 8. Database plan

## 8.1 Tables

### Users

# 9. Implementation plan

Commit message:

Edited 1.2 Project Overview
Added additional info

System plan.md, after:

# 1. Overview 

## 1.1 About this document


## 1.2 Project Overview:

The development team uses multiple technologies and software that are described in this document. Furthermore, the Business Requirements, the development phases and goals of this project will be documented here.

The following resources and documents will be used during the development:

- The Functional Requirements of the project

- The features requested by the clients

- The database structure and plan

- The laws and industry standards that this project is subjected

- Regulations

- Terms and conditions

- Cookies

- Logging

- Privacy policies like: advertising policies and third party privacy policies

- CCPA and GDPR data protection rights

Some additional information:

- We are responsible for a website, that allows users to classify MNIST images.

- Show image list.

- Get some statistics for each image.

- Provide a comfortable usage experience.


# 2. Project plan
## 2.1 Roles and responsibilities
### Backend developer:
Backend developers are responsible for developing the server-side code, they create the website's functions, and the data structures. They mainly use PHP codes.

### Frontend developer:
Frontend developers implement the visual elements that users see and interact with in the website. They make sure that users have no trouble navigating the website. They use HTML, CSS, JavaScript codes.

### Database developer:
Database developers are responsible for the storage and management of the data we use in this website. 

## 2.2 Team members

* Ahmed Mahfouz - Frontend developer, Team leader;
* Oleg Dragoi - Database developer, Backend developer
* Yslamguly Pirgulyyev - Junior developer
* Csanádi Balázs Tóbiás - Senior Developer
* Fügedi Csaba - Senior Developer
* Meghwar Om Parkash - Senior Developer
* Kungl Rebeka - Senior Developer
* Ádám Ligárt - Senior Developer

## 2.3 Project schedule


## 2.4 Milestones


## 2.5 Technologies

### Web framework – Bootstap
Bootstap will be used to make the dynamic layout of the webshop, so it works smoothly on all resolutions in the browsers.

### Web server – Apache
An Apache web server will be used to store the database information, in which we will store the database writen in MySQL structure.

### Programming language – PHP
We are going to write our code in PHP, since it is the most used programming language for building websites.

### Communication – Discord, GitHub, Trello
- Discord is a communication software made for voice chat. Since Discord is free we are gonna use this software, because it is not sure that all of us will be in the same room when our company develops the webshop the client asked for. With this we will be able to communicate in real time with our coding partners, and since it has a normal chat function that follows the written messages, it will be easy to trace back with the problems that are brought up during development.

- GitHub is a free repository where the project will be stored during development. With this we can share and retrivel the versions of our work, and if something is not working we can reroll the changes so we don't have to start from the beginning.

- Trello is a free web-based Kanban-style list-making application. We can create our task boards with several columns and move the tasks between them. Typically columns include task statuses: To Do, In Progress and Done.

### Data structure store – MySQL
The database structure will be written in MySQL structure.

Recommended version: Latest Stable

# 3. Business model


# 4. Requirements

## 4.1 Functional Requirements


## 4.2 Non-funtional Requirements


## 4.3 Resources


# 5. Functions

## 5.1 Participants

## 5.2 Use cases and scenarios


# 6. Physical environments

**Software and external systems we're working with:**


**Hardware and Network:**

**Development tools:**

**Technologies:**

# 7. Architecture plan
## 7.1 Backend

## 7.2 Frontend

# 8. Database plan

## 8.1 Tables

### Users

# 9. Implementation plan
